Aamitabha, a living Buddha, Buddha Aamitabha, and the reincarnation of the Buddha Shakyamuni,
in a way two great Buddhas are combined and one single poem is in Gaurabhema Sambha. He's
already enlightened beings and already Buddha, but yet on the relative level, the Gaurabhema
Sambha also received Vajrakilaya teachings and practices Vajrakilaya, in a way it becomes
as his like Yidam. Vajrakilaya practice, Vajrakilaya become as his impersonal practices of the
Gaurabhema Sambha and through the Vajrakilaya practices, he subdued all the negative forces
and obstacle, obscurations and there's a long history of how Vajrakila Sambha overcome by
practicing Vajrakilaya in the obstacles in Nepal. So this is his personal practices Vajrakilaya was
and as it was very so important and special and when Gaurabhema Sambha came to Tibet, then he
started also giving teachings on Vajrakilaya many times again and again. So this teaching becomes
so
popular, so powerful practice throughout the Buddhist history from the 8th century until now.
And there's so many Vajrakilaya Thelma teachings, both Kama and the Thelma teachings, but also this
particular Vajrakila is known as the union of the Vajrakilaya and the Yanda Heruka together. So
this
Yanda Heruka and Vajrakilaya, Yanda really in the New York schools of Buddhism, you heard that's
called Ad Heruka. At Heruka, among the Ad Heruka, Vajrakila is the fifth Heruka and the Yanda Her
uka
is third Heruka. So it's called the body related with Heruka that related with all the bodies of
the Buddhas and Heruka that related all the speech of the Buddhas, Heruka that related with all the
Buddhist mind of the Buddhas, Heruka that related with all the qualification of the Buddhas and Her
uka
that related with all the activities of Buddhas. Among that particularly five Buddhas, Herukas and
this is practiced as combination of that both. That was this practice actually performed and
practiced
by Gurbel Mahasambhava. Hence, according to his story in Nepal, the Parping, older town is called
Parping and the debate is called the Yangnishu. It's a very famous KVAR, Gurbel Mahasambhava,
it earned Vajrakilaya status. By combining the Togada Yanda Heruka, the third Heruka Buddha of the
at Herukas and the fifth Buddha Heruka of the at Heruka, combined the Togada by doing that
immediately
he subdued and overcome all the obstacles that was kind of happening before his practices. So this
is
one of the heart essence of the practice of heartly connected, very hard to close the connected
teachings of the Gurbel Mahasambhava that which is hidden, Togada with Vasilaka Ikhimsoja
and revered by famous Nirmatetu Thaksa Numba. So that is a brilliant story. If you'd like to know
more about this hardness practice, all that, there's quite good books of this that we wrote by K.T.
Parthisharambhaji and I had a great opportunity, opportunity to join with him. So we have a book
called the Dark Red Amulet Practices, which is quite detailed and quite thorough and also
revealing the deep meaning of these practices. Not just only that, but entirely Nirma Histories,
Togada with the deep meaning of the Vedyakalaya practices and as well as that means not just only
this teaching, the entirely Vedyakalayas, what that means. Every Taitung had this teaching because
this
was every Gurbel Mahasambhava, hard practices. Therefore, every Taitungs revere one after another
Vedyakalaya practices. So that Dark Red Amulet reverse and explaining that essence, the meaning
and overview of the Vedyakalaya practices. So as I said, if you'd like to know more detail that,
then you can find there. And so that's the brief history of the Vedyakalaya and now I would give
transmission of this. And again, we feel the strong presence of the Gurbel Mahasambhava and all the
linear masters with great joy and appreciation. And generally between the great joy and
appreciation,
not just only the time of the transmission then, but this is truly, we are blessed ones. We are
all blessed ones because we have 14 alive, 14 things are surrendered by us and we have these
brutal things connected to Dharma, connected to all the brutal abundances. This is really 14 days.
So therefore, going joy and appreciation and that joy and appreciation connected, combined with
both
each other, we hear every sentence, we have these beautiful things, everything. There's normal
words,
normal violence, normal all the destitutions and difficulty, turbulence, great joy, peace,
happiness, prosperity, and the respect and appreciation to each other and the move
today toward the innate goals of the enlightenment. Really, we think those old thoughts, then it's
become the practice, everything from the ground, from the middle, from the end, all is become the
Dharma. That's what called the Dharma. I mean that's what you know too. I'm just reminding to you,
in a way, to myself, that this is our kind of supporting, helping you as much as we can do
through this way. That's called the Sangha members. So that is a brilliant thought and now, as I
said,
please be married. Feel the strong presence of all those beautiful things, beautiful those
and situations and then I get the transmissions.